Feeds: Post-Processing (#5190)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/feed-exports.rst

soon as a file reaches the maximum item count, that file is delivered to the
feed URI, allowing item delivery to start way before the end of the crawl.

.. _post-processing:

Post-Processing
===============

.. versionadded:: VERSION

Scrapy provides an option to activate plugins to post-process items before
they are exported to feed storages. In addition to using builtin plugins, users
can create their own plugins. 

These plugins can be activated through ``postprocessing`` :ref:`option of a feed <feed-options>`.
Parameters to plugins can be passed through the feed settings where the key will be the parameter name
and the value will be the parameter value. These parameters will be made accessible to the plugin
through the ``feed_options`` parameter which will be passed to their constructor method.

As the data is passed from one plugin to another, users must ensure the order of plugins do not
cause a plugin to breakdown because of some unprocessable data.

> Each plugin is a Python class that must implement the following methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each plugin is a class that must implement the following methods:
```

I’m not saying that no one will ever try to define a plugin in a different language. I’m saying that, when they realize why their plugin is not working, they will possibly feel ashamed and they will definitely not request that we explicitly say Python here to clarify :slightly_smiling_face:

.. method:: __init__(self, file, feed_options)

>     Constructor method to initialize plugin.

Reviewer: The first paragraph of a method should always be like “Do something”. Here, “Initialize the plugin” should work.

>     :param file: target file object to which post-processed data will be written

Reviewer: “file object” can be too vague. Users need to know that they can and cannot expect from the API of the `file`.

    :param feed_options: feed-specific options

>     :type feed_options: :class:`dict`

Reviewer: I would include in the `param` line a link to the documentation of feed options.

.. method:: write(self, data)

>    Process and write `data` to plugin's target file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Process and write `data` into the plugin's target file.
```

You could also use this and skip the parameter table below altogether, since it wouldn’t add anything.

```suggestion
   Process and write `data` (:class:`bytes`) into the plugin's target file.
```

   :param data: data passed to be written to file
   :type data: :class:`bytes`

.. method:: close(self)

    Close the target file object.

.. _builtin-plugins:

Built-in Plugins
----------------

GzipPlugin
^^^^^^^^^^

Compresses recieved data with with :py:mod:`gzip` module.

Accpeted parameters:

-   ``gzip_compresslevel``: integer from 0 to 9 controlling the level of compression.
-   ``gzip_mtime``: numeric timestamp for the compressed file.

> -   ``gzip_filename``: filename to be included in the header of compressed file.

Reviewer: Use `.. autoclass::` instead of a section. That way you can move this documentation to the code, so that it’s written in a single place but can be read from both code and documentation. This also causes the header to be the whole import path of the class, which allows users to know which value to set in `postprocessing`.

About parameters, you should list them all since we don’t support every GZipFile option arbitrarily, but you don’t need to document anything about them separately. You can instead refer users to the documentation of `GZipFile` for information about them. That way you not only need to write less, you give users access to more information, and if a future version of Python changes how one of those parameters behaves, we won’t need to update our documentation.

.. versionadded:: VERSION

Scrapy provides an option to activate plugins to post-process feeds before they are exported
to feed storages. In addition to using :ref:`builtin plugins <builtin-plugins>`, you
can create your own :ref:`plugins <custom-plugins>`. 

> These plugins can be activated through ``postprocessing`` option of a feed. The option must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These plugins can be activated through the ``postprocessing`` option of a feed. The option must
```

be passed a list of post-processing plugins in the order you want the feed to be processed.
These plugins can be declared either as an import string or with the imported class
of the plugin. Parameters to plugins can be passed through the feed options. 
See :ref:`feed options <feed-options>` for examples.

.. _builtin-plugins:

Built-in Plugins
----------------

GzipPlugin

> ^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: I think the section headers can be removed now that we are using `autoclass`.

.. autoclass:: scrapy.extensions.postprocessing.GzipPlugin

LZMAPlugin
^^^^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: scrapy.extensions.postprocessing.LZMAPlugin

Bz2Plugin
^^^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: scrapy.extensions.postprocessing.Bz2Plugin

.. _custom-plugins:

Custom Plugins
--------------

Each plugin is a class that must implement the following methods:

.. method:: __init__(self, file, feed_options)

    Initialize the plugin.

>     :param file: file like object having at least `write` and `close` method implemented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :param file: file-like object having at least the `write` and `close` methods implemented
```

    :param feed_options: feed-specific :ref:`options <feed-options>`
    :type feed_options: :class:`dict`

.. method:: write(self, data)

>    Process and write `data` (:class:`bytes`) into to plugin's target file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Process and write `data` (:class:`bytes`) into the plugin's target file.
```

.. method:: close(self)

    Close the target file object.

> To pass a parameter to your plugin, simply enter the paramter name and value in
> the feed-options. You can then access those parameters through the feed specific
> `feed_options` dictionary which is passed to each declared plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pass parameters to your plugin use :ref:`feed options <feed-options>`. You 
can then access those parameters from the ``__init__`` method of your plugin.
```

.. autoclass:: scrapy.extensions.postprocessing.LZMAPlugin

.. note::

>     ``lzma_filters`` cannot be used in pypy version 7.3.1 and older.

Reviewer: It probably makes sense to move this to the docstring of the class instead.

            'postprocessing': [MyPlugin1, 'scrapy.extensions.postprocessing.GzipPlugin'],
            'gzip_compresslevel': 5,
        },
        'items.jl.xz': {
            'format': 'jsonlines',
            'postprocessing': [LZMAPlugin],

>         },

Reviewer: I think this one can be removed from the example: I don’t think it adds anything, the one above already features a class used directly in `postprocessing`.
